adding 5 youtube demos to different parts of the docs (#1138)
wandb/docs: content/guides/hosting/monitoring-usage/slack-alerts.md

---

Integrate W&B Server with [Slack](https://slack.com/).
{{% alert %}}

> Prefer a video? Watch [this demo](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmvKb-7u-oU) (6 min)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch a [video demonstrating setting up Slack alerts on W&B Dedicated Cloud deployment in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmvKb-7u-oU) (6 min).
```

> Watch a [video demonstrating setting up Slack alerts on W&B Dedicated Cloud deployment in action](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmvKb-7u-oU) (6 min).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Watch a [video demonstrating setting up Slack alerts on W&B Dedicated Cloud deployment](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JmvKb-7u-oU) (6 min).
```
